['The personal advisors are so helpful and friendly.', I don't have any  experience yet., 'its only been a month...undecided about how good the product / service is.', I have just started using it so it's too early for me to have any opinion on this service., 'Convience and simplicity the program is very simple to use.', 'The online experience is good, and reduced fees are perfect for certain investors.  The process to open the account was quite cumbersome however and the need to speak to a person before investing was an irritant as I was expecting a fully online experience.', 'the service currently has an identity crisis. user wants to do things seamlessly and autonomously, but the service requires interactions with a live advisor in so many situations. (e.g. withdrawing money).', 'I didnt open up the account because of the amount of paperwork involved in doing so, but as an employee of the company I see the value of the product, and if the opening process was easier I would have proceeded.', 'Too early to judge but so far I am not impressed with the delay of opening accounts and getting answers for questions. I do not even understand why i get a phone call with the same questions I answered online.', 'It would be great if there was an the product app and if you could see the balance in the the company banking app.', It is clearly inferior to the competitor, and I'm not yet clear why someone would use the product instead., 'overall experience was poor.   setting up thr account was easy, but trying to deposit money in the account and setup monthly payment was difficult.   was getting errors with the application trying to transfer funds and setup monthly payments, so ingave up.', I didn't notice much of a difference in the amount of time saved to open the account compared to DI or a Branches mutual fund. Also performance seems the same so I'm not seeing major benefits., 'doesnt pay transfer fees, too new.', It is a good idea, but the return hasn't been great so far in the 4 months I have invested.  This could be because of current market conditions, but it doesn't seem to be flowing with the market.  I would expect better returns given the current market, apart from the last 2 week.s, 'The platform is great and very user friendly.', 'Easey to use, but not enough transparency.', 'Too early in relationship to tell.', 'very easy to use. hands off essentially. only negative has been the market.', 'Setting up an account was very easy and straightforward. It is well integrated with my online account, and the investment plan tracker I found actually quite useful in ensuring that I stay on track with my investment plan even if it\'s just a simple On track or Needs attention message.', 'overall performance of the fund.', 'extremely understanding in regards to what I wanted.', 'Service seems good, but too expensive for what it is.', 'I have been a user for 3 months, and have not seen too much value.', 'Not enough time on the platform.', 'It is very new and I would need more experience with the product and its features before providing an opinion.', 'It is simple to use and an easy way to invest.', 'I trust the company to do business with.', 'lack of transparency, cumbersome enrolment, not client friendly navigating.', 'it was my first time to invest.', 'painful onboarding   too many procedures.', 'nothing stands out from this platform.', 'it was fairly easy to set-up the account.', 'easy to use.   you dont have to know a lot about thw investment vehicle to get higher return.', 'I am beliver in ETF model and the fact that the company who is doing this is  great.', 'my recent interaction with different team members were straight forword. my investment seems to be going in a great direction and I have referred this service to 3 friends.', 'compared to the competitor the platform and process is not very efficient.', 'being able to setup automatic periodic contributions, choose a portfolio and no need to monitor the funds is great.', 'Ease of use. Friendly staff.', I'm very happy with the fee structure and the feature to leverage dollar cost averaging.  I found the onboarding process cumbersome., The system works well, but I haven't been blown away by the returns so far. I don't think I've used it long enough to be confident in really praising the platform., 'I never really  got down to experience the product myself.', I'm not sure the product is right for me - I opened it - I am investing - I have questions about what I see but I don't have  a resource to go to., 'its not as easy as i thought it would be.', 'I dont know yet how it will perform.', I don't see any profit yet in that investment.  , 'The degree of service I got was decent.', 'simple to set up. friendlt staff.', 'the experience was ok   sign up required paperwork mailed in.', 'The features are not fully automated; in particular, I cannot do electronic transfers from other investment accounts.', 'Setting up the account has been a long process, over 4 weeks and still waiting on transfering of funds.', 'the idea seems like a good one - managed investment.', 'great service and clear info.', 'The platform makes sense for most investors. It is simple to understand and does not require a large time commitment.', 'Freindly service, not overbearing   Kind, focused and able to assess your plans.', bugs in the software.  I reported one of the bugs and it still wasn't fixed.  Onboarding experience was confusing - required me to sign papers, and then the companyquickly changed the process no longer requiring printed documents., 'The reason I rated it so high is because ut takes away the stress of trying to figure out what are the best investments for you and gives you a balanced portfolio.', 'Its so easy to use. i have been looking to invest in financial instruments but i was not getting right medium to invest. I like the comfort and ease. it is so simple but very effective.', 'Easy, just invest to make money.', 'Great BUT lack of customization and lack of more diverse product offering.', I believe we need more people to use and provide feedback. It is a easy tool to understand but there are oportunities for improvement. I can't see the composition of the funds I am investing, and this is one exemple for things that can get better., 'good platform and interface but onboarding process was notnseamless and underlying investment is not clear.', 'it was easy and quick. advisor was very helpful and she has my beat interest at heart it seemes.', 'Opening account was quick, it is managed by a professional team along with better returns than other investments.', 'ease, integrated with online banking platform, robo investing with added human touch.', 'Quite easy to start, and tied to on-line banking home page.', 'it took several days for someone gave me a call after I opened online.', 'Low cost index fund ETF investing.', 'I am a loyal fan and client of the the company. I was looking at trying out some Robo Advisor services and was glad to see that the company had just started one up when I was just becoming interested in them. The people have been excellent to work with at the product. I like the mix of ETFs in the balanced portfolio in terms of trying to give the right mix of volatility and components to generate a reasonable average rate of return over time.', 'Challenging to open. Challenging to transfer existing tfsa funds from an the company account.', 'Limited ETF options   not enough diversification.', 'Interaction with the product has been minimal. No large points raised on either side of the equation.', 'transfer got lost so havent had a real chance to use the product howevever the STAFF are amazing.', 'Ease of use, transparent disclosure, decent performance.', 'i opened this invesment acoount recently and i have no feedback yet.', The website is very cumbersome. Sometimes it loads, sometimes it doesn't. Clearing my cache helps sometimes, not others. Also, I haven't seen any returns thus far. I've made back the losses, but I can't recommend something that's essentially holding my money at the moment., 'the return is negative   means I invested $100, he balance is only $95.', 'ease of doing business, low MER.', 'easy to apply and good service with advisor.', 'easy investing   no need to worry about your investments.', 'only used the product for a week now. not large of a sample soze to recommend.', 'Easy to register, to navigate the website  and to arrange a pre authorized transfer.', 'Its been a very positive experience so far.', 'pretty good, still need to mail in the signature forms though.', 'Its ease of use, however I have not been blown away.', Limited track record, I also don't see the need for holding Cash in my investment portfolio especially if you are going to be charging .5% on the total value of the portfolio., 'It works as intended, but I haven\'t seen too much of a difference with the limited time Ive used it.  Also, the interface is bland and could use work.', 'It was easy to get started with the product, but required a follow-up phone call which I found to be unnecessary.', 'The returns have not been what i expected.', 'Too soon to tell if it is worth using.', I really like the ease of use of the product, and I would recommend it for someone's non registered plan; however I don't think the underlying investments have a long enough track record to be comfortable telling someone they should consider it for an RSP., It's a great new service from the company, but it's also very new., I'm happy so far with the product, but would want to give it more time before recommending to someone., 'It was quick and easy to get started.', 'low fee and good service.', 'It is still a new product offering.  Not all features there yet.', 'Simple to use, straightforward performance graphs, access to a human via phone if required. It would be even better if there was a mobile app!.', the way the portfolio is managed is key especially if (as an investor) don't have enough time to keep up with the markets and trading ; would be nice if there was an APP for this  ; position display could be better though as we have to scroll in a box ; transferred funds from another FI should be paperless and not require me to mail a hard copy to the operations department., 'the account open experience is a little cumbersome have to send documents and chat with an advisor- i also havent seen how my investments will perform.', 'not all account types are available yet and i wish I had made more money so far.', 'ease of sighning up on the net and choices.', 'Product knowledge, ease of access, and tailored investment profiling are incredibly intuitive and easy to use.', 'sign up was easy, very straightforward. And it is nice to have others manage the portfolio in the hopes of improving the value.', 'The platform is obviously not for everybody however so far so good on my end. Wish there was more of a mobile app type of access however.', I haven't had enough time to assess the value of the service and whether that is appropriate given the cost., 'Great value for money, low initial investment.', 'ease of setup, follow up from advisor, reasonable reliability of website and email notifications.', I have other accounts with the company and i haven't encountered any problem communicating on-line or person to person inside any Branch. I found the staff to be always willing to help you or to suggest ways to make your banking wealthier., 'i got into it myself so i would therefore recommend it.', I didn't start that long ago, but I have other investments that seem to be aligning with overall increases in the market while my investeast account has dropped., 'No link to the company banking and flexibility in investment.', I am too new, it's only been a month or two. I can't really assess the product yet., 'not easy.   fully automated.', It is with direct investing however, the client isn't doing the directing., The website takes long time to load, like 15 seg more than when I'm opening the company Banking, I cannot see my account in the company Android app, I can only talk to somebody Mon-Fri 9 am-5pm., 'poor performance, issues logging into the site.', The product hasn't had any issues and so far it appears to be a good vehicle for investing., 'I like the program. Its easy and inexpensive.', 'is a good opportunity for a paasive investor to get into the market at a low management fees.', 'Should be easier to setup the account.  No call should be needed after the initial questionaire.', 'Its a great offering, easy to use, a set it and forget it app and I feel comfortable that someone is watching my money grow for me.', 'Seems safe and secure and easy to manage so far, ROI aspect is till too early to say.', 'helpful staff   they go through the process in great detail and really help to define your goals.', 'ease of use. smooth experience. existingt the company client.', 'Still in pilot / proof of concept, so hard to get a read on what the full experience will look like.  Also annoying that I had to complete a paper application form, including information that the company already has.', no app   Compared to other similar platforms out there it doesn't give as much, there's no app, no RRSP/TFSA tracking either., 'Not sure if the service if completely developed yet, the reporting is still limited, and there are risks that the products being offered are not necessarily market-competitive.', 'User interface is clunky on mobile and slow on both desktop and mobile. Graphs dont make any sense.', 'the system is very slow.', I haven't fully experienced it yet, so I don't know how I feel about it. The interface is nice, though it could have other features that would make it even more attractive. The process seemed somewhat redundant, with doing a KYC online and then having a phone call to run through the entire thing again. Additionally, the KYC over the phone was not consistent with the one in the application package, even though the answers were the same., It's easy and hopefully will provide good returns., 'I have just joined the product and am not sure how good the product/service is as yet.', 'appreciate the theory behind the investment thesis here but need to see some historical results.', It's a pretty good product., 'good service   detailed information on the website.', 'at the present time i do not have enough experience with the product to properly form a recommendation.', I've been happy with my experience thus far., 'I found it very useful.', 'Very easy to set up - great platform to see current investments and performance.', I'm new and so far the experience has been decent, I had good support from Tony on my options which best fit my needs., 'Ease of use.   You dont have to do research were to invest the system does it on its own and rebalances as needed.', 'easy to setup and uts automated investment advice.', 'I like the design of the website that the investment can be tracked.', 'noticed lots of quesitons being asked twice. but mostly a easy process and hopefully good results.', 'Robo advisors is a good idea for many inexperience investors.', 'I had great experience myself, so I am comfortable recommending.', 'new idea, modern, good feature, brand reputation.', 'I love the user interface. It looks very modern, easy to find what I am looking for and intuitive. I also like that I can just leave my funds to grow without me having to worry to buy or sell.', I think it's great for anyone who wants to get the return of the market from a balanced portfolio without many decisions to make., 'fairly new to the product   not a relevant follow up question.', 'Limited capabilities in terms of insights, no TFSA yet, no mobile app like the competitor.', 'Easy to setup new account and flexibility with self access with involve an advisor.', 'easy to invest and keep track.', 'still early on   I will need to experience the platform a bit longer.', I'm not sure that I see a big difference between the product and just holding mutual funds. I recognize that it should automatically rebalance eventually but it's not been long enough to note any difference., 'Not a ton of experience with it. Would like more investment options.', 'it allows the purchase of etfs without being charged a transaction fee for every purchase.', it's great   it helps me save., I like the user interface and how easy it is to use. I think it's a good tool for those who are less familiar with the stock market and handling their finances., 'I like the simplicity and cost effectiveness of investing with a robo advisor.', Well, it is a new product which I don't know yet how it will perform.  I only invested 1k for now to be able to see how it does. If the company wants more indication, they should backup by saying this investment will be guaranteed compared to tradicional investment., 'well I find the fact that only the company products are available is a little limitating.', It's a site that's very sensitive to the browser used. It doesn't offer much. You see balances and transactions.  Where's the added value?., 'delays and glitches   there are still issues when going from one screen to another.', 'account opening issues, lack of online functionality, deposit sitting in cash too long.', 'My exeprience with the product is just about a couple of months. That is too short to objectively reach at a definite level.', Ever since I started to sign up, I put in 1000$ to start. I have never even seen my account go to 1001$. It's been in the negatives. I have not profitted a dime., 'Easy to get started, easy to use - good support/material available when needed.', 'it doesnt have a good interface to use.', 'You have a 10 page application a 20 page account operation agreement and 35 pages relationship disclosure document for a robo-advisor type of service.  Clearly your concerned with regulatory requirements but this is not simple and it\'s not in the spirit of doing this style of investing.  Plus I couldn\'t see it on my online banking when originally opened and I had to sign into a different site.  Sure you want to launch it early and quick but just like when NASA launches, things need to be within reasonable parameters and you missed the mark.', It's too early to ask, the setup was ok, some quirks in the online interface, and have no idea yet about how well it will work going forward., 'liked the jnotial aetup and deposit but a bit clinky after yhat. fir example i ended up delosirijg 6500 and not 4000 and the aystem cant understand that.']